Family, what's up?  Well, first of
all I have to apologize if
I'm a little tired.  You already know that there has
been a video in the last few hours.
Well, in fact, not only has there
been a video, there have been
videos on the main channel that you have to
see about SS Connection and
their heart attack live, live with
Rubén Gber, with
super important information on the
Dana issue, live at the salsería and live
on Telesalseo.  So, as
you can understand, I'm a little exhausted.  I
have heard this news.  It's
4:30 in the morning when I'm recording
this, so if I seem a little
subdued, I apologize,
but this news is going to explode
in the next few hours, and
many of you are probably going to want to know
what happened.  Basically, I'm
going to record this video, lie
down on the couch, and go to the beach
when I wake up. So, I'm going to sleep for
five hours or so today.
Seville does not have a beach.  So this
video and this information deserves a like,
subscribe, share and suck my dick.
Just kidding, just kidding.  Joke, joke, right?
Hey, hey, a little humor, I'm
naughty so far.  Coincidentally,
exactly one year ago I uploaded this video,
which has a thumbnail similar to the one
this video will have today,
where I tell you about all the controversy and
the whole argument that William Levy has with
the mother of his children, Elizabeth
Gutiérrez.  There are two videos on this channel,
one of them almost 50 minutes long,
where I put everything in context and
tell you about all the problems that have
occurred.  When I saw the news about
William's arrest, looking at
the background and the
information circulating
last year, which to this day hasn't been
denied, and I want to
remind you that some of it was completely
absurd, and in the United States, lawsuits aren't just
nonsense, okay?  for
defamation.  I thought it had to do
with something from last year, but he's
been arrested for something new.  In
fact, even the video
of William Levy in a snap trial has been leaked.   I
understand that this is a quick trial.   I
don't know what they call it there, but
here in Spain it would be something like this.  So, he
spent the whole night in the cell and
then he got comfortable, right?
Trust that is not returned.
Are you ready on uh Mr. Gutierz?  Forks.
All right, Mr. Gutierrez.
Um, all right, Mr. Gutierrez.  Good
afternoon, sir.  We have your private
council, Miss Tom Benacus, on Zoom.  Sir,
you're charged with uh two counts.  One
is disorderly intoxication, public place
causing a disturbance.  The other is a
trespass charge.  The court does find
probable cause.  I'll hear first from the
state, then we'll hear from your
council.  State your honor.  We've agreed
to 50 on each town in no return.  All
right.  And council, is that accurate?
That is correct, your honor.  All right.
So, each count in order to sir.
But bail is 250 bucks for each
crime, that is, 00. A joke for
William Levy.  The two offenses are causing a
huge stir, that is, public disorder
while very drunk, and entering
private property that you didn't have
permission to enter, okay?  In which I did
not have consent.  It's a
bar, okay?  Don't be scared, he hasn't
broken into anyone's house.  This is a
bar where you had a problem with
the bill.  There has been a misunderstanding.  I didn't
want to pay the bill.  In fact, the
deposit they charged was probably cheaper than the
bill itself.  And
well, Parda caused a stir, he got into a
fight with the waiters, he got into a fight
there with Tokiski, he caused a stir, he
made a scene, he left without paying the
bill and then he came back in because he had
left his phone, he came in by force
because they wouldn't let him in anymore and that's
when they arrested him.  William Levy,
arrested in Broadway County, was
disorderly and drunk in a
public place, trespassing, and has no bond.
Apparently they found substances on him.  He
spent a day in jail, got out after
paying this amount, and well, he's not going to
have any problems.  Furthermore,
even though he's from Cuba, he has
U.S. residency, meaning they won't
kick him out, and he won't have any problems
entering and leaving the United States.
It's a misdemeanor, okay?  So,
well, it may not seem like much, but this
is the law.  Honestly, this isn't the
first time William Levy has had an
episode, or at least it's been talked about.
On this occasion, with this
arrest, we can confirm that
this episode did indeed occur.  There are
other times when it's
just one person's word against the
other's and such, right?  But come on, I mean,
this confirms a little bit the attitude of
William Levy, who is really hot,
very handsome, very popular, right?  As an actor,
right?  Whatever you want is
fine, but honestly, he's a guy who
already has many indications, he doesn't have
many anecdotes, antecedents, call it
what you want, of being a guy who really goes crazy
in these kinds of
episodes, above all, I think it's not
the first time, in those videos we
also commented on something, that he has
problems when he drinks, right?  I mean, he's
a guy who gets aggressive when he
argues and especially when he's
drinking, right?  We could say
that he's kind of like Ram Miller, who
by the way we haven't talked about in a long time
, but he's 44 years old, which
is a bit more serious, isn't it?  Let's say that he's
supposedly 44 years old, has two children, and
the legal situation he has because he's
still dealing with the problems he's been
carrying since last year, right?
Legal, custody and so on, well it's not
very normal, right?  That you, being
a public figure, start
making a scene like that because you've been drinking.  I
mean, I'm not a drinking person,
okay?  I don't usually drink a good glass
there, but it's true that from time to
time, well, from time to time
I baptize, have communions, maybe a New
Year's Eve celebration, right?  When I give it to him, right?  Well, I'm
happy, I'm funny, aren't I?  And
all those things, right?  But the truth is, I
think I'm, well, I can't remember
a time when I
wasn't aware of where I was and how I
was acting because of drinking.
And where where is the p?  It's
true that you can paint a little more
than when you're not drunk, but you have to
lose the notion that you're a
public figure, that they're going to
record you, that images of you are going to appear
everywhere, that you have a
separate film about to be released,
right?  Under a Volcano, which is a film
that apparently has a
significant budget.  It is a film
that was shot in the Canary Islands.
[Music]
Aside from this movie, I don't know when it's
coming out, it had to come out right now too.
Also in the Canary Islands, a series
that was recorded with my friend Paula
Chevarría and the people on social media, I'm
cracking up, I mean, I'm hallucinating
because people on social media, rather than talking
about how they are, right?  What a mess he's made
and how this man
is so conflicted, he's talking mostly
about how handsome he looks in the
police file, I mean, how can this man be
arrested like that in the
photo, right?  Yes, it's true that
there are also people criticizing him,
right?  Because he comes out looking very gaunt and
blah blah blah unaligned.  Exact.
Disheveled,
that is, neglected, right?  No. And besides,
look where the dark circles are.  Yes.
So, I mean, it seems that he did come there.
I think they already caught him in the hangover.
In the hangover, right?  Well yes.  So,
people and networks have
said that if it doesn't look as good as
we are.  But it turns out better than me
when I get ready.
There are a lot of people who are saying that
even with dark circles under his eyes he looks handsome, I mean, with dark
circles under his eyes and like a prisoner, gaunt, and the guy is
hot and it's like, well, dark circles
look good on William Levy.  If we're talking
about Laura Boso, oh, I don't want to imagine
what I would look like in a police file,
huh?  Javierini Salini Loliva against Rae
Tábolo da Baú.  Obviously, as
always, there are several versions, with
varying nuances, about what
happened to William Levy and his
arrest, but the truth is that
they don't change much either.  The most widely
accepted is the one provided by Paty Capoy,
Pedro Sola, and also People magazine,
which are apparently media outlets that have
verified the information.  According to
People magazine, William Levy was having
dinner with the parents of his
children's colleagues or friends.
William offered to buy
everyone drinks, but when the bill came, he
disagreed with the amount.
Pati, it turns out he was arrested because
he went to a Miami restaurant with the
parents of his son
Christopher's friends.  So, they were
having a great time, they were
toasting.  Suddenly William says, "I
'm Juan Camane here. I'll buy
everyone a round. Order whatever you want."
When they brought him the bill, he no longer
liked the idea.  It was him,
they thought it was the round for the whole
restaurant and they charged him with a note and he
said, "No, so he left, he
slipped away."  One thing must be said here,
and that is that even though he was having dinner
with the parents of his children's classmates or friends
, of one of his children, well, there
were quite a few of them, right?  That
maybe there were some, I don't know how many, okay?   I do
n't know if it's 15, 20, whatever, right?  But
according to
People magazine, the bill included 100 drinks,
which is an outrage.
So, what seems to have
happened here, according to what Pati
Chapoy and her collaborators also commented, and which
Karime, one of my
right-hand women and my moderator, told me, is that there is
a strong controversy with Patti Chapoy and
Daniel Bisogno's brother, which
is getting very heated and she wants me to
comment on it.  I don't know if I should tell you about it.
Let me know in the
comments box if you want us to get into
that gossip.  The truth is that this week
we're having a ton of topics and I'm
almost not able to
comment on everything, but anyway, I'll let you know if you want
.  And the confusion
seems to have arisen because William, who
was drunk, not intoxicated,
evidently began offering to
buy the staff a drink.  I
'll buy everyone a drink.  And the staff
took it as if I was inviting the whole
bar, right?  The misunderstanding is
like inviting everyone to a round,
but not all the parents, but
the whole bar, the whole bar.  And
then when he arrived with the
check, what would probably happen
is that if he was drunk, maybe the
waiter misunderstood him, he would
probably ask for confirmation
and the other drunk would say, "Yes, yes,
I'll buy everyone a round."  And it
got out of hand, right?  A misunderstanding.
I mean, I think this is a
misunderstanding.  Looking at the restaurant's menu
and the location, it
seems like it's a place that's a
little more expensive than usual, right?  It
's not like having a couple of tapas at
100 montaditos, but it's not
exorbitant either.  I mean, don't think
this is a star restaurant either,
okay?  It's a good Argentinian restaurant
.  It has some prices that are
a little higher than what would be perhaps
a more modest place, but
anyway, I mean, a plate of spaghetti
Bolognese $30, a salad $22, which I
tell you is true that it's
a little higher, but not
crazy, right?  And less for him.  Yes, it's
true that the drinks menu,
well maybe there could be things from
$44 to $300 or $400, okay?  So that
's where the confusion may have occurred
, right?  They must have
ordered a lot of them and some of them were
expensive, so the bill would have been
outrageous.  Likewise, being a
media personality like the one you are,
in a normal situation,
someone with half a
brain and civilized would have
tried to resolve the misunderstanding, right?  Hey, it's
true that you argue or whatever, but
you try to reach an agreement so as not to
point the finger at each other, right?  To go and not leave
Málam.  I'm not Willian Levy, okay?
I'm not a very famous person, but on
some occasions I've found myself in some
situations where, to avoid looking for
trouble or because then, well, who knows, I would
n't be singled out or recognized
somewhere.  Look what this guy has done
here.  Well, that day I may have
slightly bent my arm.  Imagine if
you're a William Levy, right?  You know that
if you leave without paying the bill
, they're going to kick you out, they're going to say this, that, he
wasn't with his son's friend's parents
, he didn't want to pay the bill and he
argued with the manager.  Person
approached him and he pushed him.  He left, but left his
cell phone on the table and went back to
get it.  And then they called the police.   As he
left the restaurant, they arrested him.
But anyway, he left, said he wasn't
paying, left without paying, made a big fuss,
argued with the waiters and
staff, and left.  What happens is that he
then realizes he's left his
cell phone on the table, goes back to
retrieve it, they've already banned him from
re-entering and he goes back in because he's
balls deep, starts fighting with the
waiters again, starts fighting with the
bar staff again and causes a hell of a mess
with the bad luck that when he
goes back in, he goes back in.  Indeed, the
phone was there and when he left,
the police were there.  The officers are already there, the
same officers who were aware of the
situation, that he could no longer enter, and they are
taking him into custody.  On April 14,
2025 at 10:10 a.m. officers responded to
210 Weston RD in reference to a
disturbance involving the arrestee.
The arrested person, who was very intoxicated and
causing a disturbance inside the
restaurant, was given a
trespass warning in front of me by the
manager on duty to not return
to the business.  The arrestee was given
multiple verbal orders to
leave the property as he ignored
my commands.  And he was eventually taken
into custody for trespassing after being
warned.  The restaurant,
apparently, belongs to a friend of Javier
Seriani, an Argentine, and the version she has
given is quite similar, isn't it?
It is a version quite similar to the one
given by People.  The restaurant belongs to a
friend of mine, Natalia de Negri, winner of
many EMI awards.  They are gathered together right
now, he tells me a horror.  William
Levy spent the night in jail and today,
Tuesday, well, you'll be watching
this video a few hours later, at 1
p.m. Florida time, the judge released him on
bail of 500, as I
explained at the beginning of the video, 250 and
250.
Honestly, what can I say?  I see it as
completely unnecessary.  On the way out,
they asked him a few things, like if he
pushed the employee out of the restaurant. He
says no, but then realizes there
might be cameras.  There probably
are, okay?  I won't be surprised at all if in
the next few, well, days, in the
next few hours, we'll see if
we see this episode, surely recorded
by security cameras.  You know
how this works and it's sure to
leak.  It was a case with
William Levi facing charges
of two alleged crimes.  One, causing
disorder and disturbance under the influence of
alcohol in a public place.
Disorderly intoxication.  It
is generally a second-degree misdemeanor, with
possible penalties of up to 60 days in jail,
a fine of up to $500, or both.  They
could also impose probation or
community service.  And the other,
illegal entry into an occupied structure or vehicle
, let's say, on
private property.  Trespassing into an occupied structure or
vehicle is also a
second-degree misdemeanor.  Unless there are
aggravating factors such as a
criminal record, possible penalties of
up to 60 days in jail, a fine of
up to $500, or both, could include
conditions such as a no-
contact order or probation.  As I
was also saying at the beginning of the
video, this is obviously not
going to cause much trouble in one
episode.  Lots of media hype and
very viral, but it's not true either.  Hm.   It's just
that it doesn't suit him, let's say, he won't
have a criminal record, he won't go to
jail again, or anything.  Basically,
he has residency in the United
States, he's a citizen of the United
States, even though he was born in Cuba, they're not
going to deport him, they're not going to prohibit him from
entering, leaving, or anything like that.  If
convicted, which is quite likely,
completely unlikely, he will go to
jail.  And what I think might be
a little worse for him is, well, it
might be a little worse for him, but it's not
bad for him, right?  This is the program
to treat alcoholism.
Personal opinion and I think it's logical, right?   I
think you'll agree
with me: while it will have few
legal consequences,
it could have the greatest impact on him in his
custody battle with
Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Gutiérrez has not made
any statement on this matter to date.
We'll see if he does it.  I think you
can take advantage of leaving a comment
or posting the typical Instagram story.
We'll see.  Okay?  If something
happened while I was uploading the video, please
also let me know in the
comments box.  His 19-year-old son,
Christopher, has a good relationship with his
father.  However, her
15-year-old daughter Kayakey, well, no, she has no
relationship, okay?  In fact, as I
was already telling you, last year she
accused her father of having pushed her
while he was drunk, so as
you can understand, this episode
now, today, yesterday, is of no
benefit to her and will not help her at all.
In fact, it's one more weight, okay?  I mean,
this is just another thing, like another stomp
down, okay?  Kylie can't
stand him, and on occasion when she's had to be
with him she's run away, and
William isn't very
interested in having custody of his
daughter either because, well, he doesn't get along
with her.  In fact, if I were
interested in getting it back, I understand
that episodes like this would have been
resolved already, right?  And two
important things: the memes, which have not been
missing, okay?  Here on the screen you
will see some people saying stop the
video if you want to download it and that the
restaurant has not collected the
bill and I don't think they will collect it anymore.  Okay, I don't
know, I don't know if they could reach
an agreement where he pays the bill and
removes the charges.  Hey, I don't know, but
I don't think so, because
the police have already intervened, so I think it's
like a public accusation or
something like that, right?  Gosh, go away.  I mean,
what a shame.  This is actually a
bit embarrassing, isn't it?  I mean, if
you tell me that this attitude, right?  Or a
fight or an argument at 44 is
justified because you had to
defend your family because someone
was at risk or something like that,
well, I'll still let you know, man.  But it was because I
was drunk, dude.  I mean,
we haven't talked about this much, but we haven't
mentioned it to the parents of our
friends' classmates, right?  From
friends from, I don't know if from school, I
imagine, right?  From your kids' school, or whatever,
buddy.
Dude, okay?  I mean, not everything is pretty,
okay?  Not everything beautiful is perfect.  There are
people who have the physique and there are people who
have the intelligence, the
ability and many other qualities.
Okay, I'll be reading you in the
comments box, family.  We'll probably
see each other tonight at the salsería and on
telesalseo too.  I think there will be a
huddle.  I think there'll be a little huddle,
okay?  I'm not sure.  What I know
is that I'm leaving the video here for you,
rate it, okay?  As I'm telling you, I think
this news will spread around the world,
but honestly, it doesn't have much
further to go.  Okay, the final result will come out
as to what it is.  I don't know if
I'll make another video to comment on it,
unless things get complicated, okay?
But most likely when we have
the final result I will come back to
this video and pin it in the
pinned comment.  Okay?  For now,
what you'll find in the pinned comment
is last year's video in case you
want to revisit the story and catch
up.  A big kiss, subscribe,
share and all that stuff, please.  and
bye.
[Music]